Yo, isn't this Sister Qianru?
Jiaoer, I'm here to buy clothes for anti-inflammatory
What are you doing here?
You don't know yet
This store was given to me by Mr. Zhao.
Then I'll go right away
Sister, have you heard about me and Xiao Yan?
It was my fault before
It just so happens that I will send you and Xiao Yan a few sets of clothes each.
Apologize to you
The clothes in this store are all haute couture
A set costs tens of thousands
Come and take my sister to try on this dress
Ah, and this set
As long as it fits, wrap it up for Sister Nan.
No need today
Go, it's alright
If you don't go, blame me. Let's go
Jiao'er's clothes don't fit me very well.
I'll go first
Wait a minute
Is there anything else?
Sister, I kindly give you clothes, you don't want them.
How do you steal?
What are you talking about?
I didn't steal it.
You are still young to argue
I just had a couple here.
Earrings worth over a million
Why are you standing here for a while and then gone?
You must have stolen it.
What earrings?
I'm not fat at all.
It's not in the bag, it must be on you
Come and take this dress off for me